hello guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to London this video is going to
be about differences between the United
States and the UK if you're interested
in this topic please continue watching
this video I spent two years in the
States and now I can definitely say what
are the differences between the two
countries and difference number one it's
gonna be super obvious but like guys if
you're travelling to the UK do not
forget that people drive on a different
side of the road here so when you're
crossing the road you should look right
first and left second like seriously I
didn't look right because I was showing
you two with that but yes
[Music]
so the wheel is on the right side in the
car that's the difference between the
states and the UK is that in the UK this
still have phone booths like seriously
and this one even accepts credit cards
and it doesn't really smell so people
use it as they have to I don't know guys
if you are using the phone booths at all
but let me know in the comments below
when was the last time when he used a
phone in a booth and actually paid with
coins or whatever credit card and as a
difference between the United States in
the UK is that the UK has the cheapest
and the nicest shop ever called primer I
spot of it maybe four years ago and I
started buying my socks my t-shirts my
pyjamas everything here so cheap like
you can find stuff for like two pounds
which is three dollars maybe a little
less and this is also one of the best
places to buy souvenirs
[Music]
five guys my favorite restaurant is in
London best burgers another difference
between the UK and the United States as
you know British people are tea lovers
and you would expect like all kinds of
tea normally but the UK people prefer
this team which is B G and it is a
really weird tea because when you put a
teabag in hot water instantly it becomes
really black
and then they put milk into it and this
is the way they drink tea and if you
drink this tea without milk the taste is
like horrible like to my mind I would
never drink it without milk I would I
don't really like drinking it at all but
this is the way the British people treat
and there's a difference between the UK
and the states I have never seen
somebody parking like that in the States
sometimes I see it in San Francisco but
this is not really typical I think this
is a European thing to bark like that
because there is great competition for
parking lots
we just went to Jamie's Italian you know
Jamie Oliver right the one who
the big shaft so we went to his
restaurant to order pizza to go and I
realized there's another difference in
the UK you can pay with paypal my card
my Capital One car it doesn't even have
it so PayPass is when you actually just
put your cards close to the Machine and
yeah that's it
in America you would normally insert the
card with chip or you swipe it if it has
the special strip but here it's just you
know put your card on the machine and
that's it I think America has to
introduce this thing I think we're in
America were a little behind the time
because well you need it it's so
convenient okay guys the next difference
between the UK and the United States is
that people in the United States do not
normally this this is called Marmite and
this is East extract and this has the
worst taste ever
[Music]
[Applause]
exciting thing about it is old British
love it for breakfast they just put it
on piece of toast and they follow up
with a with toast with strawberry jam
but it's the worst date ever never ever
again
[Music]
[Applause]
if you're writing on the second floor
you have to see you can see oh Linda
I like how British always do something
funny on the Underground so here's he
running late through the L advanced
later bo mate make sure you're holding
tight or bum your head you might
isn't great guys finally I'm home
kombucha in London finally
and it's also seltzer Whole Foods is
pretty much the same sells weird stuff
really healthy this was I guess around
three pounds this was two pounds this is
four pounds this three pounds each and
then ham as well
so I spent around 20 pounds let me show
you as expensive as in California
but yeah the only place to shop for
agriculture how do you get more
subscribers he just came in asking
whether I have a YouTube channel and I
subscribed yeah yeah say hi say hi to
yourself
[Laughter]
[Music]
another difference that I've noticed in
Great Britain is that British people
smell so good they smell like washing
powder and whenever I tried to replicate
this in Russia or in the States
I never get the same result even if I
get like double triple concentration of
washing powder I wouldn't still smell
like British people if you guys know the
secret let me know down in comments
below what I should do just smell like
washing powder to smell like I'm fresh
and clean all the time so what is the
secret that your British people have
there and I have a difference you can
you notice translate when you come to
favorite English such different language
and Great Britain they speak like that
I'm gonna actually make a whole video
about differences in British and
American English because when I was
seventeen I really loved British English
I tried to call PB accent from here but
then I came to Canada and I fell in love
with Canadian English then I would see
California shallower California English
but British English is in my heart
the time another difference is being
else
[Music]